chore: add documentation for CI Insights Quarantine (#8106)
Mergifyio/docs: src/content/docs/ci-insights/test-frameworks/_gha_mergify_ci_quarantine_setup.mdx

In order to benefit from CI Insights Quarantine, you need to add `continue-on-error: true`
in your GitHb Actions step that execute your tests and generates the JUnit file.

> This key will allow the test step to never fail, and the CI Insights step,
> with the `gha-mergify-ci` action doing the upload and the quarantine checks,
> will be the only one that will fail depending on your failed and quarantined tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The step running the `gha-mergify-ci` action will determine the success or failure conclusion, considering quarantined tests.
```
